Hey i want several fixes and uogrades fir my telegram casini bot. Firstlt the fixes. Currently bot tries to pin every pvb and pvp emoji games match in group chats and maybe in dm also. i want you to remove that pinning system for pvp and pvb emoji games matches. Nextly , the overall bot scan. The bot code contains 35k+ lines of code and i will be very straight forward and truth full to you that current bot system is not able to handle even 100 users pkaying simultanaousky man. this is the ultimate task fir you. I am going to lauch bot with real money soon but i am seeing currently in demo mode when 100 users started playing simultaneousky the bot started lagging man , sometimws crashes and freezes and sometimes replies very lates sometimws shows an error has ocxured. please please man. i want to make my bot code such that it can hanle atleast 5000+ users simultanneously . i have seen other bot that handles more than 10k+ users and doesnt even lags or theier performave doesnt even decrease by 1% bur my bot lags. i know that as an ai you will try to look for main parts or specifc places for performance uogrades. but its a very very very very very strict instruction and warning to you no skipping. You must start reading the conplete code from line first and complete it fulls reading till the last line very strict warning for you no skipling no shortcuts no lazyness. after reading the full code and u derstanding sll the games and their patterns and other featurws you can increase bot performace and make it to hanle 5000 users simultanaously. Apply all the upgrades or refactoring or anythinf else that would be best meeded for it. dont ask me anything and donr stop until everything is fulky and perfectly done.

Nextlty , i want you to redesign stats , leaderboard , leaderboardrf , blackjack and limbo pil image according to the pil image templates ( they are examples ) in the example_designs directory of the repository. Note understand all the example templates first very carefully and below the @playcsino_bot there must be Telegram Casino ( not shineness . thats just example a player username ). Understabd the current pil setuo first for all games and than make the design like that according to the exaples. Note take blackjack design very carefully. blackjack has 2 modes split and normal. you must design both according to the example template. and instead of the face shown in the example templates there must be the user telegram profile pic.

Nextlt i want to add a new feature . the feature will be jackpot and the working will be like this. { 🎰 Daily Jackpot Pool

✨ 0.2% of every bet accumulates here!
⌛️ Winner drawn daily at 5:30 PM IST.

🔥 Your Status:
💵 7-Day Wager: $0
🎯 Winning Chance: ❌ 0% (not eligible)  .  and  ( DAILY JACKPOT
0.2% of every bet accumulates here!
$11.72
2h 42m
TIME UNTIL DRAW
Last Winner: @peterrr_73 - $10.37
Winner declared daily on @PlayCasino
BET MORE = BIGGER JACKPOT!
@PlayCasino
Only Telegram Casino
Eligible: $500+ wager (7d)
5:30 PM IST Daily ). I think now you got how the fwature shoukd work. everything should be dyanamic and bit shoukd calculates everything automatically. on using /jackpot command player can check the current jackpot pool accumulater and the current price along with their chances of win. the wager requirement for jackpot chance is 100$ instead of 500$ . and add a new command ( owner only ) /jackpot wager_amount . on using this if admin uses the jackpot wager must be change. note when jackpot winner is drawn bot must send the winner in the @playcsino telgeram group . You must design two new pil images one for /jackpot command ( everything should be shown to user in the pil image ) and one pil image for the winner that is drawn. design this systen perfectly.